and so hooray
about miracle skirt contacted skirt turned out
smart god flared
bunk first tier goes knitted
completely crocheted from square motifs
and petticoat
It comes from natural flax very
pleasant to the touch and for the summer is irreplaceable
lightweight and breathable fabric
lace up skirt
lace peeking out from under the top
skirts
which gives the zest of this skirt brooch
removable brooch on the pins it can be
take off the sewing pin can be worn
load can be put on here can be put on
on search
buttoned belt
petticoat is also detachable to make it comfortable
was dressing petticoat goes a little bit in
zahlest so that when dressing was not
the clearance buttons are fastened
so petticoat is white
cleans under the bottom and there is no gap
here so chicken is optional
the upper part of the skirt is covered with rubber
well will sit on the figure
due to contras from fabrics blue
cornflower blue color top and bottom white
Petticoat looks beautiful
way let's knit together